 You have successfully created Docker images that implement various Apache and Foswiki configurations. In doing so we have seen the following results:

* The result that surprised me most is the the wait times in the retrieval of the static elements. It should be noted that many of these elemnts are retrieved in parallel, but only after the the html has been evaluated in the browser. So it seems one should expect at least 200-400 ms delay in the retrieval of a page for the static elements. Caching these elements in the browser will help improve the overall performance. But the first encounter is sensitive to this wait time.
* Use [FastCGI](http://cdlhttps://[[HOST_SUBDOMAIN]]-80-[[KATACODA_HOST]].environments.katacoda.com/KatacodaCourses/Foswiki0/KcDockerAF/FastCGI?topicparent=KatacodaCourses/Foswiki0/KcDockerAF.ScenarioFinish "Create this topic"). It will reduce the wait time for `html` generation. In the Katacoda Apache FCGI environment it takes 500 ms to start, which are a consistent overhead on each transaction if you use regular CGI.
* If you want to improve performance beyond what Fast CGI gives you, use a server with more generous specifications. More cpu and more memory make a difference.
* Pre-zipped elements provided with Foswiki may make a difference on slow networks, but they will have no effect on the wait time. And for most elements, the wait time is 99% of the total time to receive the element.
* Apache `mod_deflate` is unlikely to make any improvement in the performance of your Foswiki site. The time taken to compress and decompress is added to the time it takes to retrieve the element from disk. It may help on a slow network, but you should check if it is worth it.
* `PageOptimizerPlugin`. This plugin collects all static `css` and `js` in one `css` and one `js` file and caches the result. From the server side perspective there are now two files to serve instead of say 10. But since the the retrieval is parallel, you are still stuck with whatever wait time is associated with the two files. At least 200 ms. Sites like Pingdom and many others recommend reducing the number of static elements per page to retrieve, because the browser needs the `css` and `js` before it can render the page. So combining the elements together may improve the user experience.
